JJ, definitely one of my programming heroes. There's many things that are incredible about JJ,
but the thing that I find most incredible is his willingness to move from an area where he is like
an expert and knows it down pat to a new area where he knows nothing. And that I think is just
like an incredible...like that's sort of incredibly brave and an incredible tool to be able to say
like, I'm a master. I've mastered this and now I'm going to go over here and become a novice again.
But I just have a huge amount of admire. I've become a big fanboy of the DuckDB creators
like Mark and Hannes. I know Rachel mentioned that they had their Data Science Hangout on Thursday
with Hannes. In addition to being just super nice people, occasionally a bit sarcastic and
with very dry humor. They're really great people and really collaborative. And I've just been
impressed with their willingness to take on any problem and say, oh, we're unfazed by
we're going to make DuckDB work on this problem. We're going to make DuckDB do this or do that.
And so I think what they've been able to accomplish with a small team, kind of run
circles around many startups that have a hundred engineers and just goes to show that it isn't
about the number of developers working on a project. That small teams of people who are
really, really focused and motivated can really accomplish great things.